Hacksaw and Bonecrusher are the sort of nicknames normally associated with linebackers and heavyweight contenders.
Dictaphone's picocassette recorder is one of 13 case studies in the TRIAD Design Project, sponsored by the Design Management Institute of Boston and Harvard Business School.
When asked for a copy of the transcript, Mr. Lang said Judge Thomas P. Griesa had instructed him not to release it or the memorandum.
The August drop was the fourth decline in five months.
But they may pay a price 10 or 20 years in the future.
At the same time, William T. Archey, international vice president at the U.S. Chamber of Commerce, notes: Clearly the stronger dollar has made imports more attractive by causing their prices to decline.
Dr. Novello's office said she wouldn't talk with reporters, and it refused to release any information about her.
Leaving the exchange at about 5 p.m., the Jacobson specialists made no predictions about how trading might go today.
Kirin Brewery was up 100 at 2,000, and Ajinomoto gained 70 to 2,840.
If it doesn't, he says, the company would have to change its expansion timetable.
Northern Trust Corp. said its board adopted a shareholder rights plan aimed at deterring unwanted takeover bids, but said it's not aware of any plan to acquire the banking concern.
It became apparent in hearings that there ought to be regulation of leveraged buy-outs of some sort, Rep. James Oberstar (D., Minn.), chairman of the House Aviation Subcommittee, said during the panel's deliberations.
A spokesman for AMR Corp. said Boeing has assured American Airlines it will deliver a 757 on time later this month.
The treasury can do something on its own, but to have any hope of success it needs help from the Fed.
Increasing labor costs, Mr. Tyszkiewicz argued, would only put the countries at a further disadvantage in competing in the barrier-free EC market planned for after 1992.
And he got rid of low-margin businesses that just weren't making money for the company.
The dispute pits two groups of claimants against each other.
That's the path of reasoning leading to growth stocks.
Officially, the statement isn't an attack on the Rafale.
Viacom also owns cable systems, but it is the 14th largest operator of such systems, with less than one million subscribers.
Advancing issues outnumbered decliners 542 to 362, while 208 issues were unchanged.
CML, Acton, Mass., had agreed to sell the unit to Reebok for about $42 million.
Business Week subscribers may hear this week's issue talking back to them.
The Chandler, Ariz., company said it will resubmit the registration to cover only the 2.3 million warrants, each exercisable for the purchase of one common share.
Campbell Soup, not surprisingly, doesn't have any plans to advertise in the magazine, according to its spokesman.
The plan Eastern hopes to pursue, he said, calls for Eastern to have $390 million in cash by year's end.
When negotiating, Mr. Corry played his cards close to the vest.
Mr. Rosenblatt, a senior writer at Time magazine before joining U.S. News & World Report, said he had numerous job offers from other magazines while he was editor.
However, relying on an ardent critic of the Reagan administration and the Contra movement for help in delaying the disarming of the Contras was risky business.
It was five in the afternoon, but that was Pacific time.
To transfer information from one to the other, employees make printouts and enter the data manually.
Under the statute, agencies are provided defenses that normally aren't available in the private sector, Mr. Ruvolo says.
But my daughter couldn't, until she was too ill to take it.
Cane & Associates touts its $2-a-minute service as the cheapest legal hour you'll ever find.